bower_components/jquery/README.md, before:

# jQuery

> jQuery is a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library.

For information on how to get started and how to use jQuery, please see [jQuery's documentation](http://api.jquery.com/).
For source files and issues, please visit the [jQuery repo](https://github.com/jquery/jquery).

## Including jQuery

Below are some of the most common ways to include jQuery.

### Browser

#### Script tag

```html
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.1.1.min.js"></script>
```

#### Babel

[Babel](http://babeljs.io/) is a next generation JavaScript compiler. One of the features is the ability to use ES6/ES2015 modules now, even though browsers do not yet support this feature natively.

```js
import $ from "jquery";
```

#### Browserify/Webpack

There are several ways to use [Browserify](http://browserify.org/) and [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/). For more information on using these tools, please refer to the corresponding project's documention. In the script, including jQuery will usually look like this...

```js
var $ = require("jquery");
```

#### AMD (Asynchronous Module Definition)

AMD is a module format built for the browser. For more information, we recommend [require.js' documentation](http://requirejs.org/docs/whyamd.html).

```js
define(["jquery"], function($) {

});
```

### Node

To include jQuery in [Node](nodejs.org), first install with npm.

```sh
npm install jquery
```

For jQuery to work in Node, a window with a document is required. Since no such window exists natively in Node, one can be mocked by tools such as [jsdom](https://github.com/tmpvar/jsdom). This can be useful for testing purposes.

```js
require("jsdom").env("", function(err, window) {
	if (err) {
		console.error(err);
		return;
	}

	var $ = require("jquery")(window);
});
```

Commit message:

MAJOR updates: -  added logo (still trying to find positioning) -  new nav/menu (more responsive) -  margin/padding/layout changes -  should be more responsive overall

bower_components/jquery/README.md, after:

# jQuery

> jQuery is a fast, small, and feature-rich JavaScript library.

For information on how to get started and how to use jQuery, please see [jQuery's documentation](http://api.jquery.com/).
For source files and issues, please visit the [jQuery repo](https://github.com/jquery/jquery).

If upgrading, please see the [blog post for 3.2.1](https://blog.jquery.com/2017/03/20/jquery-3-2-1-now-available/). This includes notable differences from the previous version and a more readable changelog.

## Including jQuery

Below are some of the most common ways to include jQuery.

### Browser

#### Script tag

```html
<script src="https://code.jquery.com/jquery-3.2.1.min.js"></script>
```

#### Babel

[Babel](http://babeljs.io/) is a next generation JavaScript compiler. One of the features is the ability to use ES6/ES2015 modules now, even though browsers do not yet support this feature natively.

```js
import $ from "jquery";
```

#### Browserify/Webpack

There are several ways to use [Browserify](http://browserify.org/) and [Webpack](https://webpack.github.io/). For more information on using these tools, please refer to the corresponding project's documention. In the script, including jQuery will usually look like this...

```js
var $ = require("jquery");
```

#### AMD (Asynchronous Module Definition)

AMD is a module format built for the browser. For more information, we recommend [require.js' documentation](http://requirejs.org/docs/whyamd.html).

```js
define(["jquery"], function($) {

});
```

### Node

To include jQuery in [Node](nodejs.org), first install with npm.

```sh
npm install jquery
```

For jQuery to work in Node, a window with a document is required. Since no such window exists natively in Node, one can be mocked by tools such as [jsdom](https://github.com/tmpvar/jsdom). This can be useful for testing purposes.

```js
require("jsdom").env("", function(err, window) {
	if (err) {
		console.error(err);
		return;
	}

	var $ = require("jquery")(window);
});
```
